1.4.4			 										
				English (US)		Français		Português (BR)		Español		Italiano	
Category	Subcategory	id	Context	en-us	metadata	fr-fr	metadata	pt-br	metadata	es-es	metadata	it-it	metadata
Old menus	Main menu	play	self explanatory	PLAY		JOUER		JOGAR		JUGAR		GIOCA	
		playlevelmenu	self explanatory	PLAY		JOUER		JOGAR		JUGAR		GIOCA	
		resume	self explanatory	RESUME		CONTINUER	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	CONTINUAR	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	SEGUIR	{"size": 14, "alignX": 48}	RIPRENDI	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}
		restart	self explanatory	RESTART		RECOMMENCER	{"size": 10, "alignY": 62}	REINICIAR	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	REINICIAR	{"size": 12, "alignX": 48}	RICOMINCIA	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}
		levels	self explanatory	LEVELS		NIVEAUX	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	NÍVEIS	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	NIVELES	{"size": 14, "alignX": 48}	LIVELLI	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}
		credits	self explanatory	CREDITS		CREDITS	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	CRÉDITOS	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}	CREDITOS	{"size": 14, "alignX": 48}	CREDITI	{"size": 12, "alignY": 62}
		removemidrollads	self explanatory	REMOVE MIDROLL ADS		RETIRER PUB MID-ROLL	{"size": 9, "alignX": 85}	REMOVER ANÚNCIOS		ELIMINAR ANUNCIOS		Riumuovi pubblicità	
		randomskin	self explanatory	RANDOM SKIN		SKIN ALEATOIRE	{"size": 10, "alignX": 82}	SKIN ALEATÓRIA	{"size": 10, "alignX": 82}	SKIN ALEATORIA	{"size": 10, "alignX": 82}	SKIN CASUALE	{"size": 10, "alignX": 82}
		adblocktitle	ads text	Adblock detected		Adblock détecté		Adblock detectado		Adblock detectado		ADBLOCK RILEVATO	
		adblockdescription	ads text	Disable adblock and try again		Désactivez l'adblock et réessayez		Desative seu adblock e tente denovo		Deshabilite su adblock y vuelva a intentarlo		Disabilita adblock e riprova	
		offlineready	update manager	Offline ready !		Mode hors-ligne prêt !		Modo Offline pronto!		¡Modo Offline listo!		Modalità offline pronta!	
		offlinereadydesc	update manager	You can now play the game offline !		Vous pouvez désormais jouer en mode hors-ligne !		Você agora pode jogar offline!		¡Ahora puedes jugar Offline!		Ora puoi giocare offline!	
		updatefound	update manager	Update found !		Mise à jour détectée !		Atualização encontrada!		¡Actualizacion encontrada!		Aggiornamento rilevato!	
		updatefounddesc	update manager	A new update has been found, and is getting downloaded in the background		Une mise à jour est en cours d'installation		Uma nova atualização foi encontrada e está sendo baixada em segundo plano		Se ha encontrado una nueva actualización y se está descargando en segundo plano		Un nuovo aggiornamento è stato rilevato e si sta scaricando nel background	
		updateready	update manager	Update ready !		Mise à jour terminée !		Atualização pronta!		¡Actualización lista!		Aggiornamento completato!	
		updatereadydesc	update manager	A new update has been downloaded ! Reload or click here to load the new version		Une mise à jour a été téléchargée ! Rechargez la page ou cliquez ici.		Uma nova atualização foi baixada! Recarrege ou clique aqui para carregar a nova versão.		¡Se ha descargado una nueva actualización! Vuelva a cargar o haga clic aquí para cargar la nueva versión.		Un nuovo aggiornamento è stato scaricato! ricarica il gioco o clicca QUI per caricare la nuova versione 	
		tip1	tips menu	Did you know you can play this game on mobile ?		Le saviez-vous? Vous pouvez jouer à OvO sur mobile !		Você sabia que é possível jogar também pelo seu celular?		¿Sabías que es posible jugar también en tu teléfono móvil?		Sapevi che puoi giocare ad OvO anche su mobile ?	
		tip2	tips menu	============== Want to speedrun this game? ============== Join the  community at discord.gg/ hTNX225Njt		============== Tu veux speedrunner OvO? ============== Rejoins la communauté ici discord.gg/ hTNX225Njt		============== Você quer fazer um speedrun desse jogo? ============== Entre para a nossa comunidade em discord.gg/ hTNX225Njt		============== ¿Haces speedrun? ============== Únase a nuestra comunidad en discord.gg/ hTNX225Njt		============== Vuoi diventare uno speedrunner di ovo? ============== Unisciti alla nostra community su discord.gg/ hTNX225Njt	
		tip3	tips menu	Pressing R restarts the level. Ctrl + R resets the whole run in Play mode		Appuyer sur R recommence le niveau. Ctrl+R recommence toute une partie en mode jouer		A tecla R reinicia o nível, enquanto que Ctrl + R reinicia toda a run ao jogar		La tecla R reinicia el nivel, mientras que Ctrl + R reinicia todo el juego mientras se juega		Premi R per ricominciare il livello, premi Ctrl + R per ricominciare la partita in modalità Gioca	
		tip4	tips menu	Activate hard mode in the options if you're a tough player		Active le mode difficile dans les options si tu en es capable !		Ative o modo difícil nas opções se você já é um expert		Activa el modo difícil en las opciones si ya eres un experto		Attiva la modalità esperta se ne hai il coraggio	
		tip5	tips menu	Activate advanced mode in the options to get level replays		Active le mode avancé dans les options pour générer les replays des niveaux		Ative o modo avançado nas opções para ter replays de níveis		Activar el modo avanzado en las opciones para tener repeticiones de nivel		Attiva la modalità avanzata per scaricare i replay dei livelli	
		tip6	tips menu	In advanced mode, you can toggle debug mode in the pause menu or using F2		En mode Avancé, active le mode Debug depuis le menu pause ou en appuyant sur F2		No modo avançado, você pode ativar o modo debug no menu de pausa ou pressionando F2		En el modo avanzado, puede activar el modo de depuración en el menú de pausa o presionando F2		In modalità avanzata puoi attivare il debug nel menu di pausa o usando F2	
		selectlang	language menu	Select language		Choisir la langue		Selecione o idioma		Seleccione el idioma		Seleziona la lingua 	
		ad1	ads text	No ad available		Pas de pub disponible		Nenhum anúncio disponível		No hay anuncios disponibles		Nessuna pubblicità disponibile	
		ad2	ads text	Midrolls are no more		les pubs sont vaincues		Sem mais anúncios no meio do jogo		No más anuncios en medio del juego		Niente più pubblicità tra i livelli	
		ad3	ads text	Midrolls ads will no longer appear in the game		les pubs n'apparaîtront plus en jeu		Os anúncios não irão mais aparecer no meio do jogo		Los anuncios ya no aparecerán en medio del juego		Le pubblicità non appariranno più tra i livelli	
		tip7	tips menu	On desktop you can change the keys you wish to use for movement in the options		Sur PC, tu peux changer les touches de déplacement dans les options.		Você pode mudar a qualquer hora os controles de movimento nas opções, caso esteja jogando pelo computador		Puede cambiar los controles de movimiento en las opciones en cualquier momento		Sul desktop puoi configurare i comandi che preferisci dalle opzioni 	
	Skin menu	default	skin name	Default		Defaut		Padrão		Estándar		Classica	
		electrical	skin name	Electrical		Electrique		Elétrico		Eléctrico		Elettrica	
		pole	skin name	Pole		Pole		Pólo		Polo		Poligono 	
		pinkguy	skin name	Pink guy		Pink guy		Pink Guy		Pink Guy		Pink Guy	
		ovoplus	skin name	OvO+		OvO+		OvO+		OvO+		OvO+	
		knight	skin name	Knight		Chevalier		Cavaleiro		Caballero		Cavaliere	
		dknight	skin name	Dark Knight		Chevalier sombre		Cavaleiro das Trevas		Caballero Oscuro		Cavaliere oscuro	
		lknight	skin name	Light Knight		Chevalier lumineux		Cavaleiro da Luz		Caballero de la Luz		Cavaliere della luce	
		astronaut	skin name	Astronaut		Astronaute		Astronauta		Astronauta		Astronauta	
		alien	skin name	Alien		Alien		Alien		Alien		Alieno	
		erigato	skin name	Erigato		Erigato		Erigato		Erigato		Erigato	
		batter	skin name	Batter		Batteur		Batter		Bateador		Battitore	
		adalich	skin name	Adalich		Adalich		Adalich		Adalich		Adalich	
		fallen	skin name	Fallen		Déchu		Ancestral		Ancestral		Ancestrale	
		pulse	skin name	Pulse		Pulse		Pulse		Pulse		Pulsante 	
		materwelon	skin name	MaterWelon		MaterWelon		MaterWelon		MaterWelon		Cocomero	
		flickd	skin name	Fl1ckd		Fl1ckd		Fl1ckd		Fl1ckd		Fl1ckd	
		theliljoker	skin name	TheLil Joker		TheLilJoker		TheLilJoker		TheLilJoker		TheLil Joker	
		amogus	skin name	Among us		PARMI NOUS		amungokkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk		AMUNGO		Amogus 	
		french	skin name	French		Français		Francês		Francés		Francese	
		english	skin name	English		Anglais		Inglês		Inglés		Inglese	
		spanish	skin name	Spanish		Espagnol		Espanhol		Español		Spagnolo	
		brazilian	skin name	Brazilian		Brésilien		Brasileiro		Brasileño		Brasiliano	
		cmg	skin name	Cool Math Games		Cool Math Games		Cool Math Games		Cool Math Games		Cool Math Games	
		shyguy	skin name	ShyGuy		ShyGuy		ShyGuy		ShyGuy		ShyGuy	
		hidden	menu ui	Hidden		Caché		Secreto		Secreto		Nascosto	
		choose	menu ui	Choose		Choisir		Escolher		Escoger		Seleziona 	
		chosen	menu ui	Chosen		Séléctionné		Selecionado		Seleccionado		Prescelto	
		price	menu ui	Price: {0}		Prix: {0}		Preço: {0}		Precio: {0}		Prezzo: {0}	
		achievement	menu ui	Achievement: {0}		Succès: {0}		Conquista: {0}		Logro: {0}		Obbiettivi: {0}	
		buy	menu ui	Buy		Acheter		Comprar		Compra		Compra 	
		acquired	menu ui	Acquired		Obtenu		Obtido		Adquirido		Ottenuto	
		back	menu ui	BACK		RETOUR		VOLTAR		VUELVE		INDIETRO	
	Achievement menu	a1t	Achievements	OvO		OvO		OvO		OvO		OvO	
		a1d	Achievements	What's this?		Qu'est-ce que…?		Que isso?		¿Que es eso?		Cos'è questo?	
		a2t	Achievements	Hittin da head		Toucher la tête		Paulada na cabeça		Paulada en la cabeza		Oh no la mia testa	
		a2d	Achievements	Stop it please		Arrête ca !		Pare com isso, por favor		Detente, porfavor		Smettila per favore!	
		a3t	Achievements	Hurting da head		Frapper la tête		Dor de cabeça		Dolor de cabeza		Mi fai male alla testa	
		a3d	Achievements	:(		:(		:(		:(		:(	
		a4t	Achievements	Tutorials		Tutoriel		Tutorial		Tutorial		Tutorial	
		a4d	Achievements	Finish the tutorial section		Terminer la section tutoriel		Termine o Tutorial		Termina el tutorial		Finisci la sezione tutorial	
		a5t	Achievements	Getting serious		Les choses sérieuses		Ficando Tenso		Ponerse tenso		La cosa si fa seria	
		a5d	Achievements	Finish the Getting serious section		Terminer la section les choses sérieuses		Termine a seção "Ficando Tenso"		Termina la sección "Ponerse tenso"		Finisci la sezione seria	
		a6t	Achievements	Mechanics		Méchaniques		Mecânicas		Mecánica		Meccaniche	
		a6d	Achievements	Finish the Mechanics section		Terminer la section méchaniques		Termine a seção "Mecânicas"		Termina la sección "Mecánica"		Finisci la sezione meccaniche	
		a7t	Achievements	Higher Order		Ordre supérieur		A Grande Ordem		La Gran Orden		Ordine superiore	
		a7d	Achievements	Finish the higher order section		Terminer la section order supérieur		Termine a seção "A Grande Ordem"		Termina la sección "La Gran Orden"		Finisci la sezione ordine superiore	
		a8t	Achievements	OvO Space Program		Programme Spatial OvO		Programa Espacial OvO		Programa espacial OvO		Spazio ai programmatori di OvO	
		a8d	Achievements	Finish the OvO Space Program section		Terminer la section Programme spatial OvO		Termine a seção "Programa Espacial OvO"		Termina la sección "Programa espacial OvO"		Finisci la sezione spazio ai programmatori	
		a9t	Achievements	A mystical Journey		Un voyage mystique		Uma Jornada Mística		Un viaje místico		Avventura mistica	
		a9d	Achievements	Finish the journey through the portal section		Terminer la section Le Voyage au travers du portail		Termine a seção "Uma Jornada Mística"		Termina la sección "Un viaje místico"		Finisci l'avventura attraverso il portale	
		a10t	Achievements	Community work		Travaux communautaires		Níveis da Comunidade		Niveles comunitarios		Lavoro della community	
		a10d	Achievements	Finish the community levels		Terminer les niveaux de la communauté		Termine os Níveis da Comunidade		Termina los niveles de la comunidad		Finisci i livelli della community	
		a11t	Achievements	Purified		Purifié		Purificado		Purificado		Purificato	
		a11d	Achievements	Finish every level		Terminer tous les niveaux		Termine todos os níveis		Termina todos los niveles		Finisci ogni livello	
		a12t	Achievements	Coins !		Des pièces !		Moedas!		¡Monedas!		Monete !	
		a12d	Achievements	Collect a coin		Collecter une pièce		Pegue uma moeda		Toma una moneda		Collezziona una moneta	
		a13t	Achievements	Coin Enthusiast		Amateur de pièces		Entusiasta de Moedas		Entusiasta de las monedas		Entusiasmo da denaro	
		a13d	Achievements	Collect 5 coins		Collecter 5 pièces		Pegue 5 moedas		Toma 5 monedas		Collezziona 5 monete	
		a14t	Achievements	Coin Connoiseur		Connaisseur de pièces		Apreciador de Moedas		Tasador de monedas		Denaro-sauro	
		a14d	Achievements	Collect 10 coins		Collecter 10 pièces		Pegue 10 moedas		Toma 10 monedas		Collezziona 10 monete	
		a15t	Achievements	Coin Hunter		Chasseur de pièces		Caçador de Moedas		Cazador de monedas		Cacciatore di risparmi	
		a15d	Achievements	Collect 30 coins		Collecter 30 pièces		Pegue 30 moedas		Toma 30 monedas		Collezziona 30 monete	
		a16t	Achievements	Coin God		Dieu de la pièce		Deus da Moeda		Dios de las monedas		Dio denaro	
		a16d	Achievements	Collect 4O coins		Collecter 40 pièces		Pegue 40 moedas		Toma 30 monedas		Collezziona 40 monete	
		a17t	Achievements	Secret coin		Pièce secrète		Moeda Secreta?		¿Moneda secreta?		Moneta segreta	
		a17d	Achievements	Collect the secret coin		Trouver la pièce secrète		Pegue a moeda secreta		Toma la moneda secreta		Collezziona la moneta segreta	
		a18t	Achievements	Runner		Runner		Corredor		corredor		Corridore	
		a18d	Achievements	Finish the game in less than 30mn		Terminer le jeu en moins de 30mn		Termine o jogo em menos de 30 minutos		Termina el juego en menos de 30 minutos		Finisci il gioco in meno di 30 minuti	
		a19t	Achievements	Speedrunner		Speedrunner		Speedrunner		Speedrunner		Speedrunner	
		a19d	Achievements	Finish the game in less than 20mn		Terminer le jeu en moins de 20mn		Termine o jogo em menos de 20 minutos		Termina el juego en menos de 20 minutos		Finisci il gioco in meno di 20 minuti	
		a20t	Achievements	Velocity Master		Maitrise de la vitesse		Mestre da velocidade		Maestro de la velocidad		Maestro dello scatto	
		a20d	Achievements	Finish the game in less than 15mn		Terminer le jeu en moins de 15mn		Termine o jogo em menos de 15 minutos		Termina el juego en menos de 15 minutos		Finisci il gioco in meno di 15 minuti	
		a21t	Achievements	Top Charts		Le podium		Top 10 Melhores		Top 10 mejores		Migliori corridori 	
		a21d	Achievements	Finish the game in less than 12mn		Terminer le jeu en moins de 12mn		Termine o jogo em menos de 12 minutos		Termina el juego en menos de 12 minutos		Finisci il gioco in meno di 12 minuti	
		a22t	Achievements	Light Speed		Vitesse lumière		Velocidade da Luz		Velocidad de la luz		Velocità della luce	
		a22d	Achievements	Finish the game in less than 10mn		Terminer le jeu en moins de 10mn		Termine o jogo em menos de 10 minutos		Termina el juego en menos de 10 minutos		Finisci il gioco in meno di 10 minuti	
		likemagic	Tag line when unlocking every level	Like magic		Comme par magie !		Como mágica!		¡Como magia!		Magia!	
		unlockall	Message when unlocking every level	You unlocked every level!		Tu as débloqué tous les niveaux !		Você desbloqueou todos os níveis!		¡Has desbloqueado todos los niveles!		Hai sbloccatp ogni livello!	
		achievementunlocked		Achievement unlocked !		Succès débloqué !		Conquista desbloqueada!		Los anuncios no aparecerán en medio del juego		Obbiettivo sbloccato!	
		skinunlocked	Tag line when unlocking a skin	Skin Unlocked !		Costume débloqué !		Nova skin desbloqueada!		¡Nueva skin desbloqueada!		Skin sbloccata!	
		goldearned	Tag line when collecting a coin	Gold earned !		Pièce obtenue		Ganhou umas moedas!		¡Ganaste algunas monedas!		Oro ottenuto!	
		xgoldearned	Tag line when earnign gold	{0} Gold earned		{0} Pièces obtenues		{0} Dinheiro ganho		{0} Dinero ganado		Hai ottenuto {0} di oro	
		locked	Locked (skin or achievement)	Locked		Verrouillé		Bloqueado		Obstruido		Bloccato	
	Settings menu	music	self explanatory	Music		Musique		Música		Canción		Musica	
		sounds	self explanatory	Sounds		Sons		Sons		Sonidos		Suoni	
		hard	self explanatory	Hard mode		Mode difficile		Modo difícil		Modo difícil		Modalità difficile	
		advanced	self explanatory	Advanced mode		Mode avancé		Modo avançado		Modo avanzado		Modalità avanzata	
		inputs	self explanatory	Inputs		Touches	{"size": 22}	Entradas	{"size": 21}	Aperitivo	{"size": 18}	Comandi	{"size": 18}
		savedata	self explanatory	Data		Données	{"size": 22}	Dados	{"size": 21}	Datos	{"size": 18}	Salvataggio	{"size": 18}
		savedatatext	as in "the data of the save", in the sentence "my save data"	Save Data		Données de sauvegarde		Salvar Dados		Guardar datos		Salva progressi	
		mobilemode	self explanatory	Device		Appareil	{"size": 22}	Aparelho	{"size": 21}	Dispositivo	{"size": 18}	Dispositivo	{"size": 18}
		up	Input	Up		Haut		Cima		Arriba		Su	
		down	Input	Down		Bas		Baixo		Bajo		Giù	
		left	Input	Left		Gauche		Esquerda		Izquierda		Sinistra	
		right	Input	Right		Droite		Direita		Derecha		Destra	
		setkey	Input	Set a key…		Choisis…		Pressione uma tecla...		Presione una tecla ...		Cambia un comando	
		collectedcoins	self explanatory	Collected Coins		Pièces collectées		Moedas Coletadas		Monedas colectadas		Monete collezionate	
		clearsave	Needs to be short	Clear Save		Suppr. données	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}	Deletar Dados Salvos	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}	Borrar datos	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}	Cancella salvataggio	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}
		clearcoins	Needs to be short	Clear Coins		Suppr. pièces	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}	Deletar Moedas	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}	Borrar monedas	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}	Resetta le monete	{"size": 10, "alignY": 65}
		autodetectinput	Input mode	Auto detect		Automatique		Auto-Detectar		Detección automática		Auto rilevazione	
		forcemobile	Input mode	Force mobile		Mobile		Dispositivo Móvel		Móvil		Forza mobile	
		forcedesktop	Input mode	Force desktop		Ordinateur		Computador		Ordenador		Forza il desktop	
		whatdeviceinput	Input mode	What is your device?		Quel est ton appareil?		Qual é o seu aparelho?		¿Cuál es tu dispositivo?		Che dispositivo stai usando?	
	Credits menu	madebydedra	credits	Made by Dedra		Créé par Dedra		Criado por Dedra		Creado por Dedra		Creato da Dedra	
		poweredby	credits	Powered by Construct 2		Fait avec Construct 2		Feito no Construct 2		Hecho en Construct 2		Offerto da construct 2	
		runsection	Sections menu	Run Section		Jouer la section		Sessões da Run		Sesiones del Run		Sezione partita	
	Level Menu	basics	Section name	Basics		Tutoriel		Tutorial		Tutorial		Le basi	
		gettingserious	Section name	Getting serious		Les choses sérieuses		Ficando Tenso		Ponerse tenso		La cosa si fa seria	
		higherorder	Section name	Higher Order		Ordre supérieur		A Grande Ordem		La Gran Orden		Ordine superiore	
		mechanicis	Section name	Mechanics		Méchaniques		Mecânicas		Mecánica		Meccaniche	
		ovospaceprogram	Section name	OvO Space Program		Programme Spatial OvO		Programa Espacial OvO		Programa espacial OvO		Spazio ai programmatori di OvO	
		jttp	Section name	Journey Through the portal		Le Voyage au travers du portail		Uma Jornada Mística Por Portais		Un viaje místico a través de portales		Avventura attraverso il portale	
		community	Section name	Community levels		Niveaux de la communauté		Níveis da Comunidade		Niveles comunitarios		Livelli della community	
		besttime	Section name	Best time		Meilleur temps		Melhor tempo		Mejor tiempo		Tempo migliore:	
		individuallevels	Section name	Individual levels		Niveaux individuels		Níveis Individuais		Niveles individuales		Livelli individuali	
In-game	Pause Menu	loadreplay	Load a player replay file	Load Replay		Charger un replay	{"size": 12}	Carregar um Replay	{"size": 12}	Subir una repetición	{"size": 12}	Carica replay	{"size": 12}
		adplaying	Ad display	An ad should be playing right now		Une pub devrait être affichée		Um anúncio irá ser reproduzido		Se reproducirá un anuncio		Una pubblicità dovrebbe essere in corso	
		toggledebug	Toggle the debug mode	Toggle debug		Mode debug		Modo Debug		Modo de depuración	{"size": 12}	Attiva il debug	{"size": 12}
		downloadreplay		Download Replay		Télécharger le replay	{"size": 17}	Baixar Replay		Descargar Replay	{"size": 20}	Scarica replay	{"size": 20}
		next		NEXT		SUIVANT		PRÓXIMO		SIGUIENTE	{"size": 18}	PROSSIMO	{"size": 18}
		replay		REPLAY		REPLAY		REPLAY		REPETIR	{"size": 22}	REPLAY	{"size": 22}
		pause	self explanatory	PAUSE		PAUSE		PAUSA		PAUSA		PAUSA	
		quit	self explanatory	QUIT		QUITTER		SAIR		SALIR		ESCI	
	In-game Texts	lvltxt1-1	Tutorial text	Hello, and welcome to OvO		Bienvenue dans OvO		Olá! Bem-vindo à OvO		¡Hola! Bienvenido a OvO		Ciao, e benvento su OvO	
		lvltxt1-2	Tutorial text	Use arrow keys to move		Utilise les flèches pour te déplacer		Use as setas para se mover		Usa las flechas para moverte		Usa le frecce per muoverti!	
		lvltxt1-3	Tutorial text	Press Up to jump		Appuie sur Haut pour sauter		Pressione Cima para pular		Presiona Arriba para saltar		Premi la freccia SU per saltare 	
		lvltxt1-4	Tutorial text	This is the end of the level		Fin du niveau		Esse é o final do nível		Este es el final del nivel		Questa è la fine del livello	
		lvltxt2-1	Tutorial text	Jump		Saute		Pule		Saltar		SALTA	
		lvltxt2-2	Tutorial text	Go next to the wall		Reste près du mur		Vá para à parede		Vete al muro		Vai vicino al muro	
		lvltxt2-3	Tutorial text	And jump higher		Pour sauter plus haut		E pule mais alto		Y saltar más alto		E salta più in alto	
		lvltxt2-4	Tutorial text	Jump on place and press down to smash the ground		Saute sur place et appuie sur bas pour smasher		Pule no lugar e pressione Baixo para fazer um Bate-Estaca		Salta en tu lugar y presiona Abajo para aplastar		Fai uno schianto a terra premendo giù mentre sei in volo	
		lvltxt2-5	Tutorial text	(you can smash this)		Tu peux smasher ça		(Você pode atravessar usando um bate-estaca aqui)		(Puedes cruzar con el aplastar aquí)		(Puoi rompere questo)	
		lvltxt2-6	Tutorial text	Jump after a smash		Saute après un Smash		Pule após dar um bate-estaca		Saltar tras aplastar		Salta dopo uno schianto	
		lvltxt2-7	Tutorial text	To jump higher		Pour sauter plus haut		Para pular bem mais alto		Para saltar mucho mas alto		Per saltare più in alto	
		lvltxt3-1	Tutorial text	You can slide down walls		Tu peux descendre des murs		Você pode deslizar nas paredes		Puedes deslizarte por las paredes		Puoi scivolare lungo i muri	
		lvltxt3-2	Tutorial text	Jump while sliding to wall jump		Saute en descendant pour faire un saut mural		Pule enquanto deslize nas paredes para fazer um Pulo De Parede	{"size": 8}	Salta mientras te deslizas por las paredes para hacer un salto de pared		Salta mentre scivoli per fare un salto a parete	
		lvltxt4-1	Tutorial text	You can even slide!		Tu peux aussi glisser !		Você pode até deslizar no chão!		¡Incluso puedes deslizarte por el suelo!		Puoi anche scivolare!	
		lvltxt4-2	Tutorial text	Press the down key		Appuie sur Bas		Pressione a tecla Baixo		Presione la tecla Abajo		Premi la freccia giù	
		lvltxt4-3	Tutorial text	Jump while sliding to dive		Saute en glissant pour plonger		Pule enquanto desliza para Mergulhar		Salta mientras te deslizas para sumergirte		Salta mentre scivoli per fare un tuffo nell'aria	
		lvltxt4-4	Tutorial text	Be careful not to hit your head		Attention la tête…		Tome cuidado para não bater a cabeça...		Tenga cuidado de no golpearse la cabeza ...		Stai attento a non sbattere la testa	
		lvltxt5-1	Tutorial text	Those are bad guys		Eux, ils sont méchants		Esse são os malvadões		Estos son los malos		Questi sono dei cattivoni	
		lvltxt5-2	Tutorial text	Try to do a smash while going right to Dive		Essaie de smasher en restant appuyé sur Droite pour faire un plongeon		Tente fazer um bate-estaca enquanto anda pra direita para Mergulhar		Intenta aplastar mientras caminas directamente a bucear		Prova a fare uno schianto poco prima di fare un tuffo	
		lvltxt6-1	Tutorial text	Now dive again		Plonge encore		Mergulhe denovo...		Bucea de nuevo ...		Fai un altro tuffo	
		lvltxt6-2	Tutorial text	And jump		Puis saute !		E Pule!		¡Y salta!		E salta	
		lvltxt6-3	Tutorial text	Those are good guys		Eux, ils sont cools		Esse são os mocinhos		Estos son los buenos		Questi sono bravi ragazzi	
		lvltxt7-2	Tutorial text	Smashing the jumpers won't activate them		Smasher les boosters ne les active pas		Fazer um bate-estaca nas molas não irá ativar-las		Aplastar los resortes no los activará		Se fai uno schianto sui trampolini non verranno attivati	
		lvltxt8-1	Tutorial text	Jump		Saute		Pule		Saltar		Salta	
		lvltxt8-2	Tutorial text	Dive		Plonge		Mergulhe denovo...		Bucea de nuevo ...		Tuffo	
		lvltxt8-3	Tutorial text	Re-jump		Re-saute!		Pule denovo!		¡Salta de nuevo!		Ri-salta	
		lvltxt9-1	Flavor text from 2nd section	Hey... This is		Hé... on a dit		Ei... isso está		Oye, esto se está		Hey questo è...	
		lvltxt9-2	Indication to pound	SMASH!		SMASH!		KABUM!		SMASH!		SCHANTO!	
		lvltxt9-3	Flavor text for lvl9	"Getting SERIOUS"		"Les choses Sérieuses"		"ficando tenso"		"Poniendo tenso"		"La cosa si fa SERIA"	
		lvltxt10-1	Jump pad strength	Strong		Puissant		Forte		Fuerte		Forte	
		lvltxt10-2	Jump pad strength	Normal		Normal		Normal		Normal		Normale	
		lvltxt10-3	Jump pad strength	Weak		Faible		Fraco		Débil		Debole	
		lvltct10-4	hintlvl10	(Sliding increases velocity)		(Glisser augmente ta vitesse)		(Deslizar aumenta a velocidade)		(El deslizamiento aumenta la velocidad)		(Scivolare aumenta la velocità)	
		lvltxt10-4	Before a jump	Trust		Aie foi		Confie		Confía		Fidati	
		lvltxt14-1	Indication	Here !		Ici !		Aqui!		¡Aqui!		QUI!	
		lvltxt17-1	Indication	Slow down!		Ralentis !		Desacelere!		¡Reduzca la velocidad!		RALLENTA!	
		lvltxt19-1	Tutorial text	Press Up and Down		Appuies sur Haut et Bas		Pressione Cima e Baixo		Presione Arriba y Abajo		Premi su e giù	
		lvltxt23-1	Before a jump	Believe and Dive		Prie et Plonge !		Confie e Mergulhe!		¡Confía y bucea!		Fidati e tuffati	
		lvltxt28-1	Text at the end of a useless corridor	Wrong way :)		Mauvais sens :)		Caminho errado :)		Camino equivocado :)		Psto sbagliato :)	
		lvltxt25-1	Text at the end of a useless corridor 2	Sorry, nothing here...		Y'a rien à voir, désolé…		Nada aqui, foi mal...		Nada aquí, lo siento...		Mi dispiace, non c'è proprio niente qui...	
		lvltxt25-2	Indication when faced with a door	This can be opened somehow...		Tu dois pouvoir activer ça…		Deve ter alguma forma de abrir isso...		Debe haber alguna forma de abrir esto ...		Si può aprire in qualche modo....	
		lvltxt51-1	Signature	By Leetle Toady		Par Leetle Toady		Por Leetle Toady		Por Leetle Toady		Di Leetle Toady	
		lvltxt33-1	Flavor text from Space program section	Take part in the OvO space Program!		Bienvenue dans Le programme spatial OvO !		Bem-vindo ao Programa Espacial OvO!		¡Bienvenido al programa espacial OvO!		Prendi parte allo spazio per i programmatori di Ovo!	
		lvltxt33-2	Flavor text from Space program section	This way ---->		Par ici ---->		Por aqui ---->		por aquí ---->		Da questa parte ---->	
		lvltxt33-3	Flavor text from Space program section	Step 1 is...		Etape 1 :		Passo 1 :		Paso 1 :		Il primo passo è...	
		lvltxt33-4	Flavor text from Space program section	ROCKETS!		ROCKETS!		FOGUETES!		¡COHETES!		RAZZI!	
		lvltxt33-5	Flavor text from Space program section	MORE ROCKETS!		PLUS DE ROCKETS!		MAIS FOGUETES!		¡MÁS COHETES!		ALTRI RAZZI!	
		lvltxt33-6	Flavor text from Space program section	MORE ROCKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETS!		PLUS DE ROCKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETS!		MAIS FOGUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETES!		¡MÁS COHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETES!		ANCORA RAZZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!	
		lvltxt34-1	Indicator text	You will have to outrange rockets however you can		Sois inventif pour éviter les rockets		Você terá que evitar os foguetes de alguma forma		Tendrás que evitar los cohetes de alguna manera.		Dovrai cercare di stare fuori portata quando possibile	
		lvltxt38-1	Indicator text	Move		Bouge		Mova		Moverse		MUOVITI!	
		lvltxt41-1	Juice	Quickly		Vite		Rapido		Ràpidamente		VELOCE	
		lvltxt41-2	Juice	Through		Dans		Para		Mediante		ATTRAVERSA	
		lvltxt41-3	Juice	The		Le		O		Al		IL 	
		lvltxt41-4	Juice	Portal!		Portail!		Portal!		Portal		PORTALE!	
													
													
													
		lvltxt40-1	Indicator text	<--- Dive		<--- Plonge		<--- Mergulhe		<--- Bucea		<--- Tuffo	
	Level Names	level1	Level name	Start		Départ		Começo		Comienzo		Inizia	
		level2	Level name	Hard		Dur		Difícil		Difícil		Difficile	
		level3	Level name	Harder		Super dur		Muito Difícil		Muito Difícil		Più difficile	
		level4	Level name	Hardest		Trop dur		Super Dificil		Extremadamente Difícil		Il più difficile	
		level5	Level name	Hellish		Dangereux		Perigoso		Peligroso		Infernale	
		level6	Level name	Impossible		Impossible		Impossível		Imposible		Impossiile	
		level7	Level name	Godlike		Agréable		Prazeroso		Agradable		Celestiale	
		level8	Level name	Jump & Dive		Saute & plonge		Pule e Mergulhe		Saltar y bucear		Salto & tuffo	
		level9	Level name	A wise Decision		Une sage décision		Uma Decisão Sábia		Una sabia decisión		Una decisione saggia	
		level10	Level name	A matter of strength		Une question de force		Uma Questão de Força		Una cuestión de fuerza		Questione di forza	
		level11	Level name	Reactivity		Réactivité		Reatividade		Reactividad		Reattività	
		level12	Level name	A little wall maze		Le petit labyrinthe		Um Pequeno Labirinto de Paredes		Un pequeño laberinto de muros		Un piccolo labirinto	
		level13	Level name	A matter of speed		Une question de vitesse		Uma Questão de Velocidade		Una cuestión de velocidad		Questione di velocità	
		level14	Level name	Timing		Timing		Tempo		Momento		Tempismo	
		level15	Level name	Deadly contraption I		Piège mortel I		Engenhoca Mortal I		Artilugio mortal I		Aggeggio mortale 1	
		level16	Level name	A way down		La descente		Ladeira Abaixo		Cuesta abajo		Una via giù	
		level17	Level name	Take it slow		Vas-y doucement		Pegue Leve		Con calma		Con calma	
		level18	Level name	Mirrored Room I		Pièce symétrique I		Sala Espelhada I		Habitación con espejos I		Stanza specchiata 1	
		level19	Level name	Little Spikehouse		Petite maison de piques		Pequena Sala Pontiaguda		Habitación pequeña puntiaguda		Piccola casa spinosa	
		level20	Level name	Dormant contraption		Piège endormi		Engenhoca Adormecida		Artilugio durmiente		Aggeggio dormiente	
		level21	Level name	A way up		La montée		Ladeira Acima		Cuesta arriba		Una via SU	
		level22	Level name	Iterations		Itérations		Iterações		Iteraciones		Iterazioni	
		level23	Level name	Leap of faith		Saut de la foi		Salto de Fé		Salto de fe		Salto della fede	
		level24	Level name	Maelstrom		Maelstrom		Redemoinho		Remolino		Vortice	
		level25	Level name	Simple Mechanics		Méchaniques de base		Mecânicas Simples		Mecánica simple		Semplici meccaniche	
		level26	Level name	Three doors		Trois portes		Três Portas		Tres puertas		Tre porte	
		level27	Level name	Awake contraption		Piège éveillé		Engenhoca Acordada		Artilugio despierto		Aggeggio risevegliato	
		level28	Level name	Deadly contraption II		Piège mortel II		Engenhoca Mortal II		Artilugio mortal II		Aggeggio mortale 2	
		level29	Level name	Friendly little platform I		Petite plateforme sympathique I		Pequena Plataforma Amigável I		Pequeña plataforma amigable I		Piccola piattaforma amichevole 1	
		level30	Level name	Friendly little platform II		Petite plateforme sympathique II		Pequena Plataforma Amigável II		Pequeña plataforma amigable II		Piccola piattaforma amichevole 2	
		level31	Level name	Hilarious Quadrilateral		Quadrilatère Hilarant		Quadrilátero Hilário		Cuadrilátero hilarante		Quadrilatero buffo	
		level32	Level name	Run for your life		Fuis pour ta vie		Corra Por Sua Vida		Corre por tu vida		Corri se vuoi vivere	
		level33	Level name	Selection Exam		Examen séléctif		Exame De Seleção		Examen de selección		Esame di selezione	
		level34	Level name	Test of intelligence		Test d'intelligence		Teste de Inteligência		Prueba de inteligencia		Test di intelligenza	
		level35	Level name	Test of instinct		Test d'instinct		Teste de Instinto		Prueba de instinto		Test di istinto	
		level36	Level name	Test of speed		Test de vitesse		Teste de Velocidade		Prueba de velocidad		Test di velocità	
		level37	Level name	Test of accuracy		Test de visée		Teste de Precisão		Prueba de precisión		Test di accuratezza	
		level38	Level name	Test of adaptation		Test d'adaptation		Teste de Adaptação		Prueba de adaptación		Test di adattazzione	
		level39	Level name	Graduation?		Le diplôme ?		O Diploma...?		El diploma ...?		Sfumature?	
		level40	Level name	Final Exam		Examen final		O Exame Final		El examen final		Esame finale	
		level41	Level name	Initialization		Initialisation		Inicialização		Puesta en marcha		Inizializzazione	
		level42	Level name	Procedural		Procédural		Procedural		Procesal		Procedurale	
		level43	Level name	Hysterical Quadrilatral		Quadrilatère Hystérique		Quadrilátero Histérico		Cuadrilátero histérico		Quadrilatero isterico	
		level44	Level name	Back-propagation		Propagation arrière		Retropropagação		Retropropagación		Propagazione all'indietro	
		level45	Level name	Arithmetic		Arithmétique		Aritmética		Aritmética		Aritmetica	
		level46	Level name	Recursion		Recursion		Recursão		Recursividad		Ricorsione	
		level47	Level name	Rocket Science		Fuséologie avancée		Ciência de Foguetes		Ciencia espacial		Scienza dei razzi	
		level48	Level name	Binary		Binaire		Binário		Binario		Binario	
		level49	Level name	The Iron maiden		La vierge de fer		A Donzela De Ferro		La doncella de hierro		La sirena d'acciaio	
		level50	Level name	Threading the needle		Au travers de l'aiguille		Linha Na Agulha		Hilo de aguja		Infilare l'ago	
		level51	Level name	The twin towers		Les deux tours		As Torres Gêmeas		Las torres Gemelas		Le torri gemelle	
		level52	Level name	Andromeda		Andromède		Andrômeda		Andrómeda		Andromeda	
		level53	Level name	Welcome to Spikeland !		Bienvenue à Spikeland !		Bem-vindos a Spikeland!		Bienvenido a Spikeland			
		level54	Level name	The Rocket		Le missile		O Foguete		El Fhoete			
		level55	Level name	Deadly Contraption III		Piège mortel III		Engenhoca Mortal III		Artilugio mortal III			
		level56	Level name	Alternating Sequence		Séquence alternée		Sequência Alternada		Secuencia Alterna			
		level57	Level name	Motion Blur		Flou animé		Borrão de Movimento		Desenfoque de Movimento			
		level58	Level name	Spikeland		Spikeland		Spikeland		Spikeland			
		level59	Level name	The Spiral of Death		La spirale de la mort		Espiral da Morte		Espiral de la Muerte			
		level60	Level name	TOWER OF PAIN		TOUR DE LA DOULEUR		TORRE DA DOR		TORRE DEL DOLOR		Andromeda	
	End Card	yourfinaltime	End card text	Your Final Time		Temps final		Seu tempo final:		Tu tiempo final:		Il tuo tempo finale	
		timerforthislevel	End card text	Timer for this level		Temps du niveau		Tempo de niveis		Tiempo de niveles		Timer per questo livello	
		tryagainhardmode	End card text	Try again in Hard mode !		Essaie en mode difficile maintenant !		Tente denovo no Modo Difícil!		¡Vuelve a intentarlo en Modo Difícil!		Ora prova in modalità difficile!	